Add Python metapackage (#367)
curoverse/arvados: tools/python-metapackage/README.md

# Arvados Client Tools

<!-- Copyright (C) The Arvados Authors. All rights reserved.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 -->

## Overview

This is a metapackage that lets you install all of the Python client tools for [Arvados][] in one simple command. It's intended for users setting up an interactive environment. It provides:

* the [Arvados Python SDK](https://doc.arvados.org/sdk/python/api-client.html)
* command line tools to work with collections and projects: [`arv-ls`, `arv-get`](https://doc.arvados.org/user/tutorials/tutorial-keep-get.html#download-using-arv), [`arv-put`](https://doc.arvados.org/user/tutorials/tutorial-keep.html#upload-using-command), [`arv-copy`](https://doc.arvados.org/user/topics/arv-copy.html), and [`arv-mount`](https://doc.arvados.org/user/tutorials/tutorial-keep-mount-gnu-linux.html)

> * [workflow runners `arvados-cwl-runner`](https://doc.arvados.org/user/cwl/cwl-runner.html) and [`cwltool`](https://pypi.org/project/cwltool/)

Reviewer: I suggest that we make it clearer that `cwltool` is not an Arvados project, but we do get it as a dependency after installation. The following is an example of how this may be worded, but please feel free to express it in any way you see fit:

```suggestion
* the Arvados Common Workflow Language (CWL) runner [`arvados-cwl-runner`](https://doc.arvados.org/user/cwl/cwl-runner.html), which will also automatically install the CWL reference implementation [`cwltool`](https://pypi.org/project/cwltool/)
```

* reporting tools for [workflow performance](https://doc.arvados.org/user/cwl/crunchstat-summary.html), [cluster activity](https://doc.arvados.org/user/cwl/costanalyzer.html), and [user activity](https://doc.arvados.org/admin/user-activity.html)

> If you are building your own Arvados client software, it is better to require the specific package(s) you need like [arvados-python-client](https://pypi.org/project/arvados-python-client/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are building your own Arvados client software, it is better to require the specific package(s) you need, for example, [`arvados-python-client`](https://pypi.org/project/arvados-python-client/), rather than the metapackage.
```
